README.md, before:

# Telemetry-Listener

*** telemetry_node ***
Contains a ROS node that can subscribe to the global_position/global topic published by an active mavros node collecting GPS data and forward
the data over a serial port. Also contains an Arduino sketch that allows an Arduino to recieve the data over serial and compute the angles
needed to point the antenna tracker (this requires the Arduino to detect its own GPS coordinates).
*** servo_control_node (UNUSED) ***
Template for a ROS node used to control servos by sending commands to a maestro servo controller.
*** telemetry_listener (OUTDATED) ***
Contains a ROS node that can subscribe to the global_position/global topic published by an active mavros node actively collecting GPS data. The node also listens to the antennaTrackerGPS topic for the GPS coordinates of the tracker itself. The GPS coordinates are converted into euler angles which are published on the targetAngle topic. The telemetry_listener(source) file contains the source code for this package.
*** custom_apm.launch ***
The file called custom_apm.launch is a launch file for mavros, for more on how to use it see the doc titled "How to setup bridge from Navio2 to QGC using Mavros as the intermediary" in the project drive.

Commit message:

Split into normal and echo versions
There are now two separate versions of both the ROS node and the Arduino sketch. The same verion of both must be run together. Only the echo version allows for feedback from the Arduino. The code was also cleaned up more.

README.md, after:

# Telemetry-Listener

## telemetry_node
Contains a ROS node that can subscribe to the global_position/global topic published by an active mavros node collecting GPS data and forward
the data over a serial port. Also contains an Arduino sketch that allows an Arduino to recieve the data over serial and compute the angles
needed to point the antenna tracker (this requires the Arduino to detect its own GPS coordinates). There are two versions of both the ROS node
and the Arduino sketch, a normal version and a version that causes the Arduino to echo back each message recieved.

## servo_control_node (UNUSED)
Template for a ROS node used to control servos by sending commands to a maestro servo controller.

## telemetry_listener (OUTDATED)
Contains a ROS node that can subscribe to the global_position/global topic published by an active mavros node actively collecting GPS data. The node also listens to the antennaTrackerGPS topic for the GPS coordinates of the tracker itself. The GPS coordinates are converted into euler angles which are published on the targetAngle topic. The telemetry_listener(source) file contains the source code for this package.

## custom_apm.launch
The file called custom_apm.launch is a launch file for mavros, for more on how to use it see the doc titled "How to setup bridge from Navio2 to QGC using Mavros as the intermediary" in the project drive.
